# Introduction

## 🏆 A3.4 Learning activity

- Software architecture thrugh C4 modeling.

### 📘 Instructions

 - Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, making the documentation of the project using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or
**Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature
**A3.4_NameofActivity_NameStudent.pdf**. 
- Your repository in addition to having a **readme**.md file inside your root directory, with the information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even
logo or images, must have a section of contents or index.

### ✏️ Development

1. Join your work team and start preparing what is requested below:

   - [x] 1.1 Identify the tasks for each user story.
   - [x] 1.2 Estimate the tasks using a digital tool.
   - [x] 1.3 Create the Sprint backlog with the tasks estimated in hours.
   - [x] 1.4 Create your gantt chart.
   - [x] 1.5 Identify dependencies of each task and relate it to the activity it depends on.
    - [x] 1.6 Prepare the Burn down chart of the sprint.

2. Present this information making use of visual and graphic tools within the meeting of sprint planning.

3. Place a section with evidence that shows that they met to develop as a team the
activity.


___

## Conclusions 

*  **Bernal Arellano Roberto:** Making this part of the poject was so usefull. We were able to designate tasks to every member of the team based on our individual abilities. In addition, we assign tasks to each and every one of the user stories and among them we choose the ones that we consider most important, in addition to generating dependencies (within the Gantt chart) based on: "What tasks can only be done after having another one completed?"
  
*  **Cisneros Acosta Jose Enrique:** While we were doing the creation of the backlog and the Gantt chart, I realized how organized a team must be to carry out projects in comparison with each school work, apart from helping us to distribute roles and tasks to have better control of our project.
  
*  **Pimienta Castillo Kevin Aryam Cristopher:** In this practice, we estimate in hours the work unlike the past practice. As we started creating the user stories tasks, we had to further break down the components of The File Hub. I think we distribute the working hours well among the team members regarding the results of PlanITPoker.

*  **Sandoval Salazar Esmeralda:** In conclusion the sprint backlog is a more visual tool when assigning tasks to each member of the team, this aims to finish all tasks in a timely manner and that the workload for each member is less, on the other hand having a backlog sprint creates coherence and focus on the objectives of the work and encourages the team to work together and not separately.

### Bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Scoring |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Are each of the items listed in the Instructions section met?  | 10 | 
| Development | Did you respond to each of the points requested in the development of the activity?| 60 | 
| Demonstration | Is the student presented during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?  | 20 | 
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included for each of the team members? | 10 | 

🏠 [Github](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/tree/main/Blog)