# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.1 Learning activity

- Project documentation using the Scrum framework for the inception phase.

### :blue_book: Instructions

 - Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, perform the documentation of the project using the scrum framework for the case study.
 - The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.1_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf**.
- Your repository in addition to having a readme.md file inside your root directory, with the information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a section of contents or index.
___

### :pencil2: Development

1. Prepare the vision statement document, integrating a section for:
    - The business case, including introduction, objectives and scope, business modeling, requirements and restrictions, list of milestones.
    - Identification of roles such as the product owner, the scrum master and stakeholder, the scrum team
    - The project budget.

2. Fill out the prioritized Product Backlog form and send the file within your delivery.
[Project's vision declaration document](https://github.com/Bernal03/AnalisisAvanzado_Repositorio_Bernal/blob/main/pdf/A3.1ProjectVisionDeclaration.pdf)
___

## Conclusions 

*  **Bernal Arellano Roberto:** The making of this activity helped me and my teammates to give a background to our project, our roles, type of system and integration of our constitutive act to explain to every persone interested all the things that our platform implies, positive or negative, benefits and cons (and how we can solve them).
  
*  **Cisneros Acosta Jose Enrique:** Scrum proposes a methodology where the team must work as a team, must advance together and thanks to that we were able to work in a different way and given in this activity to follow up on this project.
  
*  **Pimienta Castillo Kevin Aryam Cristopher:** In this practice we were able to review the information that we already had in the articles of incorporation and thus add or remove information. We correct the project objectives, budget and risks by guiding us with the examples seen in class.

*  **Sandoval Salazar Esmeralda:**  In conclusion at the time of developing a software you need to have an essential structure to not lose the main objective, the scrum master is an agile tool that optimizes the software development processes for each project.

### Bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Scoring |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Are each of the items listed in the Instructions section met?  | 10 | 
| Development | Did you respond to each of the points requested in the development of the activity?| 60 | 
| Demonstration | Is the student presented during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?  | 20 | 
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included for each of the team members? | 10 | 

:house: [Github repository](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021)