# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.2 Learning activity

- Initial phase of the SCRUM framework for the case study.

### :blue_book: Instructions

 - Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, perform the documentation of the  project using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.2_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**
- Your repository in addition to having a **readme**.md file inside your root directory, with the information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a section of contents or index.
___

### :pencil2: Development

1. Join your work team and start preparing what is requested below:
    1.1 Create a scrum board with Backlog, Story, To-do, Doing, Review, Done columns.
    1.2 Develop the Epics of the product backlog.
    1.3 Create user stories for each epic.
    1.4 Place each epic and user story inside the scrum board.
    1.5 Prioritize and estimate each user story using a tool.
##### :clipboard: [Artifacts](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/blob/main/Pdf/Artifacts.pdf)


2. Present this information during the planning meeting, making use of visual and graphic tools, which can be through any online platform.
##### :clipboard: [Scrum Board](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/blob/main/Pdf/ScrumBoard.pdf)

3. Place in this section evidence that shows that they were gathered to develop as a team the activity.
##### :clipboard: [PlanITPoker](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/blob/main/Pdf/PlanITPoker.pdf)

___

## Conclusions 

*  **Bernal Arellano Roberto:** In the making of this activity we had to describe out user histories and epics, this letting us to explain the planification of our system. This is useful because if we follow this we can acomplish our project in time and successfully.
  
*  **Cisneros Acosta Jose Enrique:** Despite using new tools and methodologies for me, I have learned to handle them correctly, Scrum has helped me to be more organized apart from having better communication with my team and being able to share ideas quickly and effectively, and thus be able to translate them into the document.
  
*  **Pimienta Castillo Kevin Aryam Cristopher:** In this practice we learned to make epics and user stories, with which we saw the requirements from another perspective and the relationship between them. We discuss among all the team members how long it will take to develop the platform requirements.

*  **Sandoval Salazar Esmeralda:** In conclusion, it should be noted that the use of epics and scrum stories help us with the estimation time of the project knowing which ones have higher priority and taking into account the time for each one, it can also be observed that each one exists a why and for that, this is so that the main objective of the scrum is fulfilled

### Bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Scoring |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Are each of the items listed in the Instructions section met?  | 10 | 
| Development | Did you respond to each of the points requested in the development of the activity?| 60 | 
| Demonstration | Is the student presented during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?  | 20 | 
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included for each of the team members? | 10 | 

:house: [Github](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/tree/main/Blog)