# Introduction

## 🏆 A3.3 Learning activity

- Software architecture design using C4 model.

### 📘 Instructions

 - Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, perform the documentation of the project using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or ***Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.3_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**
- Your repository in addition to having a **readme**.md file inside your root directory, with the information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a section of contents or index.
___

### ✏️ Development

1. Join your work team and start preparing what is requested below:
   - [x] 1.Create a scrum board with Backlog, Story, To-do, Doing, Review, Done columns.
   - [x] 2. Develop the Epics of the product backlog.
   - [x] 3. Create user stories for each epic.
   - [x] 4. Place each epic and user story inside the scrum board.
   - [x] 5. Prioritize and estimate each user story using a tool.

___

📝 [C4 model for The File Hub: Documentation](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/blob/main/Pdf/HW-A3.3SoftwarearchitecturethroughC4modeling-190621-0431.pdf)

## Conclusions 

*  **Bernal Arellano Roberto:** 
C4 modeling is so usefull when we try to give a simple way to understand how a system works (this in the first level: context) and then we can do an "expansion/zoom in" to the next level where we explain how the platform and DB interacts with other platform components to people more experienced, then we can do other "zoom in" where we can explain the technologies that are implied in our system functionality. The last level is optional to include but its usefull because here is described the way our features are related with each other.

*  **Cisneros Acosta Jose Enrique:** 
Following up on the topic of Scrum and its tools, we have been able to give continuity to our project and now we use the C4 model is an excellent tool to share ideas and clearly transmit the system to be built, thanks to the fact that the diagram can allow us go through certain layers of discovery, discover or set the limits of our service compared to others, and it is a tool that allows us to have a conversation.

*  **Pimienta Castillo Kevin Aryam Cristopher:** 
For this practice we used the C4 model, with which we were able to see The File Hub platform once again from another perspective. The way in which the information has to be presented in this model seems to me the easiest to understand, since it gives a new order and details to diagrams that we had already used previously.

*  **Sandoval Salazar Esmeralda:** 
In conclusion the diagrams are very useful, when performing any type of project, in the diagrams you can visualize the organization of each of the components either internal or external and the parts that compose it, you can also perform and observe the relationships they have between them.

### Bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Scoring |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Are each of the items listed in the Instructions section met?  | 10 | 
| Development | Did you respond to each of the points requested in the development of the activity?| 60 | 
| Demonstration | Is the student presented during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?  | 20 | 
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included for each of the team members? | 10 | 

🏠 [Github](https://github.com/esmeralda0sandoval/analisis_avanzado2021/tree/main/Blog)